_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am currently an Electrical and Computer Engineering graduate student at the [Univeristy of Wisconsin-Madison](https://www.wisc.edu/) advised by [Prof. Kangwook Lee](https://kangwooklee.com/) and [Prof. Robert Nowak](https://nowak.ece.wisc.edu/).
My research interests are in both the theoretical and practical aspects of signal processing and machine learning methods. Most recently I've been interested in understanding deep neural networks and the effect of explicit regularization, such as weight decay. Before coming to Madison I graduated from [Rutgers University](https://www.rutgers.edu/) where I received my B.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering.
While at Rutgers I had the pleasure of working under [Prof. Waheed U. Bajwa](http://www.inspirelab.us/people/) investigating reproducibility in signal processing and machine learning research and wrote about some of my findings [here](https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.12383). 

During my undergraduate year I had the opportunity to work on some very interesting projects
interning at [MIT Lincoln Labs](https://www.ll.mit.edu/), [Los Alamos National Labs](https://www.lanl.gov/) and [Lockheed
Martin](https://www.lockheedmartin.com/en-us/index.html).

Commit message:

Removed publications navigation and added them to about me

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am currently an Electrical and Computer Engineering graduate student at the [Univeristy of Wisconsin-Madison](https://www.wisc.edu/) advised by [Prof. Kangwook Lee](https://kangwooklee.com/) and [Prof. Robert Nowak](https://nowak.ece.wisc.edu/).

My research interests are in both the theoretical and practical aspects of
signal processing and machine learning methods. Most recently I've been
interested in understanding deep neural networks and the effect of explicit
regularization, such as weight decay. Before coming to Madison I graduated from
[Rutgers University](https://www.rutgers.edu/) where I received my B.S. in
Electrical and Computer Engineering advised by [Prof. Waheed U.
Bajwa](http://www.inspirelab.us/people/).

---

## Publications
- Yang, Liu, et al. "A Better Way to Decay: Proximal Gradient Training
  Algorithms for Neural Nets." NeurIPS OPT Workshop 2022 [Arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.03069)
- Shenouda, Joseph, and Waheed U. Bajwa. "A guide to computational reproducibility in signal processing and machine learning." IEE Signal Processing Magazine 2023 [Arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.12383).
-
